n_products
store_id_0
store_id_1
store_id_2
store_id_3
store_id_4
store_id_5
store_id_6
store_id_7
store_id_8
store_id_9
store_id_10
store_id_11
store_id_12
store_id_13
store_id_14
store_id_15
store_id_16
store_id_17
store_id_18
store_id_19
Daily Paper
Radio
In-Store Coupon
Product Attachment
Sunday Paper
TV
Street Handout
Bulk Mail
Cash Register Handout
promotion_name_Best Savings
promotion_name_Big Promo
promotion_name_Big Time Discounts
promotion_name_Big Time Savings
promotion_name_Bye Bye Baby
promotion_name_Cash Register Lottery
promotion_name_Coupon Spectacular
promotion_name_Dimes Off
promotion_name_Dollar Cutters
promotion_name_Dollar Days
promotion_name_Double Down Sale
promotion_name_Double Your Savings
promotion_name_Fantastic Discounts
promotion_name_Free For All
promotion_name_Go For It
promotion_name_Green Light Days
promotion_name_Green Light Special
promotion_name_High Roller Savings
promotion_name_I Cant Believe It Sale
promotion_name_Money Savers
promotion_name_Mystery Sale
promotion_name_One Day Sale
promotion_name_Pick Your Savings
promotion_name_Price Cutters
promotion_name_Price Destroyers
promotion_name_Price Savers
promotion_name_Price Slashers
promotion_name_Price Smashers
promotion_name_Price Winners
promotion_name_Sale Winners
promotion_name_Sales Days
promotion_name_Sales Galore
promotion_name_Save-It Sale
promotion_name_Saving Days
promotion_name_Savings Galore
promotion_name_Shelf Clearing Days
promotion_name_Shelf Emptiers
promotion_name_Super Duper Savers
promotion_name_Super Savers
promotion_name_Super Wallet Savers
promotion_name_Three for One
promotion_name_Tip Top Savings
promotion_name_Two Day Sale
promotion_name_Two for One
promotion_name_Unbeatable Price Savers
promotion_name_Wallet Savers
promotion_name_Weekend Markdown
promotion_name_You Save Days
sales_country_Mexico
sales_country_USA
